# Time Tracker
#### Video Demo:  <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stAwlV7CntE>
#### Description: 
Time Tracker is a locally hosted Web-App that is meant to supplement the game Psuedoregalia's randomizer mod built by [bananaturtlesandwich](https://github.com/pseudoregalia-modding/rando) (I did not work with them on this program, it just happens to be what I use to generate random seeds.) The app itself is a fairly basic program whose color scheme is meant to resemble the main character of the game. In the app there is simply a table which lists all of the associated data, a separate page for adding that data, and a third page which calculates and presents your total in game time. The table itself presents data stored in a database which I access using sqlite3, named tt.db.

Inside of the database, only time and notes are stored, whereas the randomized seeds are stored in the [uploads](static/uploads) folder. (Before uploading I have removed all of my personal seeds.) This program is run with Flask locally so that you can upload files to it and access them after. You can upload a file of any name as long as it is of the .pak file type, the program will not accept any other files.

There are 7 primary files for this program named: app.py layout.html, index.html, add.html, total.html, styles.css, and tt.db, all of which are required in order to have the program run as intended. layout.html is meant to do as it's name suggests, and serve as the basis for all of the pages in this web-app, each of which are extended with jinja2. index.html serves as a homepage to show all of the data in the table as well as hyperlinks to download all of the seeds associated with each run, listed in order under "runs". add.html contains several inputs: hours, minutes, seconds, file, and nores which are all meant to be posted at the same time. I considered using the input type "time" here but it ended up being easier to work with regular numbers limited to the range of 0-60 for minutes and seconds, and 0-999 for hours. total.html is a very simple page that shows you how much game time you have inputted in the database, all of the math for which is done in app.py, then displayed with jinja. app.py is where the large majority of code is found, it uses Flask and cs50's SQL library. In app.py the first thing that is done (other than headers) is setting up the database for use, then some functionalities for uploading to be used later (important here is the ALLOWED_EXTENSIONS being pak files, as they are the only types of files intended to be used with this program). The index route is very simple, just accessing the database to help with jinja formatting in index.html then rendering its template. The add route is the most dense of all, checking for GET and POST methods, if the user is just accessing the page then they are shown the template for add.html, but once data is submitted the POST branch is enacted. The POST branch inserts into the "tracker" table in tt.db all of the relevant information it can hold. Then for uploading files I use (what I find to be) a clever trick to rename the uploaded file and associate it with the data that was given with it using the "id" column in tt.db. I use a formatted string to rename the .pak file with no risk of SQL injection attack as the user will not have access to the id, nor will it ever be anything other than a number. After adding data the user will be redirected to index.html. The total route is once again very simple in comparison, just pulling data from tt.db and converting it in to totals of hours, minutes, and seconds.

Lastly the stylesheet for this program is built to encompass the theme of the game while staying mostly dark as it is easy on my eyes. The only functionality that comes from this file is in .MyClass, which just makes the home page stay neat in the event that there is a very long note. Not much thought was put in to the font used in this program, just something I pulled from google that looked nice.

That is all of the information I could think to include in this README, so with that, thank you CS50.

